Add data collection page (#4846)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/data-collection/data-collection.md

## Data Collection

Camunda collects data through a variety of methods.

### Contractual Usage

Camunda collects a limited set of contractually-agreed [usage metrics](/reference/data-collection/usage-metrics.md) to evaluate billing. These are summary metrics that contain no sensitive information.

### Environment Data

Camunda collects information about customer installations to enable better support and product improvement decisions.

Self-Managed customers may choose to send a very limited set of information through the Console component's telemetry mechanism. View the [telemetry](/self-managed/console-deployment/telemetry.md) page for an example of this data.

### Usage Data

Camunda collects product usage data from SaaS and Desktop Modeler users to help make better product improvement decisions and enable outreach to support users.

- Feature Usage:
  - SaaS System Actions: All SaaS organizations submit basic information about which features are being used. When certain features are used, Camunda logs which feature is used and basic information about how it has been used. This information is tied to an pseudonymized organization.

>   - SaaS User Actions: Users that opt-in to analytics cookies

Author: @conceptualshark can you please include screenshots of these 2 parts of the UI to explain how to opt-out of analytics cookies?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/982767aa-a307-4b91-814d-b9a3e70642e0)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a55b820-15aa-4391-accf-da25d05bf53f)

### Environment telemetry data (Self-Managed only)

Environment telemetry data includes information about your Self-Managed installations to enable better support and product improvement decisions. Self-Managed customers may choose to send a very limited set of environment information through the Console component's telemetry mechanism. View the [telemetry](/self-managed/console-deployment/telemetry.md) page for a description of this data. Environment telemetry data is not relevant to SaaS installations.

### Usage telemetry data (SaaS and Desktop Modeler only)

Usage telemetry data includes limited product usage data to help make better product improvement decisions and enable outreach to support users. This section describes the types of data and how they are collected.

- Feature Usage:

  - SaaS System Actions: All SaaS organizations submit basic information about which features are being used as part of telemetry data collection. When certain features are used, Camunda logs which feature is used and basic information about how it has been used. This information is tied to a pseudonymized organization.

>   - SaaS User Actions: Users that opt-in to analytics cookies gain access to in-app tutorials and automatically submit information about which features they interact with in Camunda’s UI as part of telemetry data. In addition to the data collected from system actions described above, Camunda collects cursor activity, geographical area, browser information, and basic biographical information limited to email, name, and city/region/country for user actions. If a user interacts through API, then personal information is not collected.

Author: ```suggestion
  - SaaS User Actions: Users that opt-in to personalization cookies gain access to in-app tutorials, whereas analytics cookies cause data to be automatically submitted about which features they interact with in Camunda’s UI as part of telemetry data. In addition to the data collected from system actions described above, Camunda collects cursor activity, geographical area, browser information, and basic biographical information limited to email, name, and city/region/country for user actions. If a user interacts through API, then personal information is not collected.
```
